everybody hears another out of box
review this time it's the snowspeeder
from Empire Strikes Back I happen to
pick up two of these at the same time so
it's a bit of a coincidence
the interesting thing will be is that we
have here in original 1980 and over here
we've got the 89 re-release the boxes
are pretty much exactly the same except
this one gets the Earle logo and the
1989 copyright while this one has the
standard MPC with the 1980 otherwise the
box arts the same the price changed this
was $7.99 and 89 and this one was $4.99
nine years earlier and it looks like the
KITT number changed as well one - 1917
over to simply 89 14 so let's pop these
open and see what's inside I'll note
another change here the original 1980
was made and the box is printed in the
USA over here it was printed in the USA
but made in Mexico got some other
different part numbers and stuff the
back of the box has the AMT rattle logo
while the MPC has nothing I've
completely forgotten how big this kid is
so I'm definitely interested to see oh
that's a decent size I suppose let's
take a look at this one I'm not
expecting to find a single difference
between either of these as far as the
actual kit goes but apparently we got
one change already oh here we go
huh so this was a sealed box and the
plastic was left out in the open and I
just dropped a piece so let me deal with
this a second and I'll get back to you
so as far as the paper where it goes
nineteen eighty they gave you a full
sheet of Star Wars fan club and then
they give you a half sheet an eighty
nine but you get the blueprint or
subscription and directions changed
definitely we'll take a look at those
and over here with the decals these are
pretty much exactly the same no
differences anywhere the hurdal version
has a little bit extra with part numbers
and stuff the original MPC was a bit
more conservative so let me get a
close-up of these so here we've got the
1980 all the black lettering there is
pretty much illegible same for this side
as well otherwise not too much to say
here one big fold-out instruction sheet
for that one and the same for this one
just fold it a little differently with
the different cover which means the
backside should change now they just
shifted everything over and eliminated
did they
I see they just shrunk these two from
these two yeah basically they just
shrunk all the instructions so this
whole three page here is squashed into
just a page and a half there so let's
take a look at the actual plastic so I
look to each of the four screw over plus
the main body and the parts the layout
looks to be exactly the same the same
blemishes the same fine details the same
everything
they definitely put some effort into
doing this that control panel looks
really great specifically and over here
on the body itself a lot of the veins
all of the scribing really well done
can't say a word that there's really too
much flash or anything else there is
some molding blemishes going on but it's
not too big a deal the only actual
difference between these is here we got
the 89 Erdal logo stamp and on the
opposite wing we've got fun dimensions
from 1980 if that's showing up there we
go other than that pretty much looks to
be the same if you're looking to get one
of these go for the cheaper one I know
there's a modern release that was either
in the 90s or even more recently in the
2000s I think two of these should be
good I'll do up one really nice and then
the other one I'll make for pyro
purposes I think that's the latest kick
I'm on right now is I want to blow a lot
of models up perhaps this summer so
having some spares will definitely be
handy for that so I'm thinking that's
pretty much it I think a slightly bigger
size for this model would be really good
cannot obviously see it just about fits
in my hand but once it's fully built of
course it'll be just a little bit bigger
than that so I there is no scale given
on these looking at the pilot I guess
he's somewhere around 130 135 so 124
would certainly be a nice one for this
one other than that thanks for watching
see ya